Fortunately, Aunt Chicken already knew
You betrayed the cultivation
And also got pregnant with someone else
There is no way he would agree to you two being together
You are dead, what's wrong with you?
Is there any discomfort?
What's wrong with the child?
Su Ran
Who is the father of the child?
Of course it's you.
Although if the child is really mine
Why did the results not match today?
I'm tired, you can go out first
Are you afraid that I will use you as a stand-in for Xiuyuan?
I won't anymore.
I really can't
Then you can rest first.
You just woke up and can't rest well. Where are you going?
Are you going to find Su Ran?
It was a bitch who put you in the hospital
I won't let him go.
After all, Su Ran was my favorite person before I lost my memory
Why can't you treat him well?
What are you talking about amnesia?
I have remembered that I am Guo Xiuyuan, not good
The trap actually restored the memory